okay so i've been working on masks do
and RC ski do and i'm trying to make it
pretty kick a but i have some parts on
the way a whole bunch of goodies i could
say and so i know some people were
wondering what was in here and like what
are you putting in there but i'm going
to put a whole bunch of goodies that you
will see afterwards in the build video
series and basically was in here was
there's a whole bunch of screw hole
posts and one great big circuit panel
that was really bulky and there was a
weird stupid klutz turning system right
here that revved up with a separate
motor and it was just just a way down
and you're wondering like what have i
done so far well I stripped it all down
to what really i need to do using just
screwdrivers and general kits and
diamond bitsy cutting stuffs grinding
and sanding and anyways i did all that
and now i'm just waiting for parts to
come in but basically this is just a
small one-tenth scale skiddy you that
had this crappy Ramona's just nan that's
what I really think this is kind of
stupid so and we used to be some really
like just normal big bore shocks in here
they weren't very good so in here and
the swing arm was there was just this
really loose metal spring in there so I
took these two shots right here and I
took little like three quarter inch a
piping that went through here and up
here and i mounted the shocks to this
middle pulse right here I made it a lot
stiffer
instead of building a whole new thing
and what really when this thing was
going the trap would always like grind
and slip because in the there under here
is pretty much a driveshaft kind of
sprockets and stuff there used to be a
whole bunch of little times and then
there was a circle around them which
also made it not grip is good and then
there's these great big big things right
here that I thought well why didn't you
just use those for grips I know they're
guys but you could use them for grips
too so I took two screws I went from one
on either side and it gets really good
now and yes so I ordered new shocks for
the front and so what I've done so far
is took this all out and there used to
be a hole right here if you can see it
went all the way through and I didn't
want water getting in there for my
electronics so I took brush on
electrical tape i'll be using this a lot
in the upcoming videos it's very
important you will see soon see why um i
layered that and i took the cement well
just all-purpose cement and I went I
filled in here you can't see probably
but I took it in here i leveled it out
and I took some more rush song
electrical tape and I went in there and
I leveled it out and then sand it all
down these posts that held that big ugly
circuit panel and yes so I've pretty
much cleaned it out and this track when
it got cold it would crack all along
here so i took brush on triple again and
i just went in between each one of these
things and it really made it stronger
and it has a cracked or anything so that
should be doing good so
and this is just a heat sink for the
motor that I'm going to be putting in
here you will see it's pretty much
nothing just extra wires this is my
favorite screwdriver it works on
everything I find and yes i'll be using
that a lot this is the steering horn sir
circle horn i'm going to be mounting a
servo in here that turns instead of that
stupid clutch system and this is the
horn i'm going to be using because it's
got the double holes in there so it'll
be able to turn nice and well and i'm
going to be using a servo i won't be
telling you any parts that i'm using
until i get them it's just part of my
video series and brush my lips would
tape very important and these handlebars
i found on this body always we're
breaking so i took toothpicks a drill
right here toothpicks and I drilled a
hole all the way through here I took a
toothpick and I drilled into the
handlebars and I stuck them on really
good and then I took mini epoxy just
normal epoxy you have to take toothpicks
mix them all together and I did that and
then I went to brush it over with the
electrical tape again and and yeah so
when the motor I'm putting in here in
the ESC are going to be needing to be
air flow so these used to be little / 10
divots for air and I took a drill bit
and I actually made the mayor who so it
looks natural there used to be some ugly
stickers around here I cut them off just
for the seats II do and yes this is just
a work bored that I so you don't get my
carpet more than I've already done c.s
brush on electro take them will never
come out and chunks of plastic
and these are going to be holding some
of my wires when i am done they're just
little yellow type kind of matching zip
ties or zip strips zap straps whatever
you guys call them in and i'll be
getting split loom to hold that all and
i will be waterproofing and oops i'll be
doing a little bunch of other stuff but
you will see that in the upcoming video
series and yes i hope you guys enjoyed
this first video and just some more bits
that i'll be using and again the Dremel
that you can't go wrong with and yes
this is just the first video of a video
series of RC ski new build hope you guys
liked it and see you next time